Your Majesty, the epidemic is raging fiercely.
The plague is rampant in Lingnan.
The people are displaced.
If there are no effective measures,
I fear it will spread uncontrollably across the country.
The people are suffering.
Do any of the ministers have good ideas?
Replying to Your Majesty,
This epidemic originated from the southern regions.
I suggest immediately sealing off the area.
Anyone trying to leave should be shot.
Sealing off the city is feasible,
but we must not indiscriminately kill the innocent.
Issue my orders.
Immediately organize the transportation of supplies and resources.
At the same time, dispatch elite troops for protection.
After sealing off the city,
promptly deploy supplies.
Ensure the basic needs of the people in the city.
Additionally, set up isolation areas outside the city.
Prevent the spread of the plague.
In the previous life, we failed to control the epidemic.
Our treasury was depleted.
This time, I must prepare thoroughly.
Additionally, I have decided to personally visit the affected area.
To boost the people’s confidence in resisting the plague.
We cannot afford to—
Your Majesty, how can you risk yourself by going alone?
The court cannot be without a ruler even for a single day.
Furthermore, Your Majesty, you must not risk yourself.
Please reconsider.
I hope Your Majesty will think this through.
Your Majesty, I believe that in the southern chaos,
local officials are powerless.
We urgently need someone who is both brave and wise,
and who can represent Your Majesty’s authority in the south.
To help the people in their time of crisis.
Oh?
Is there any minister
willing to go in my place?
How is it that in our great Liang, there are so many talented individuals,
yet all are too afraid to risk their lives?
Chen Dingyuan will go.
Prince Rui, why have you come?